README.md, before:

# Docker image for IntelliJ IDEA Community, Go and Go plugin

[![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/dlsniper/docker-intellij.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/dlsniper/docker-intellij)

The image contains the following software:

- [IntelliJ IDEA Community 2016.2](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/)
- [Go 1.6.3](https://golang.org/)
- [Go plugin (nightly, 0.12.1724)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/5047)
- [Markdown plugin (release, 2016.1.20160405)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/7793)

## Running

**NOTE**
As of Docker 1.10(?) you need to specify full paths for mounts.

By running the following command you'll be able to start the container

```bash
docker run -tdi \
           --net="host" \
           --privileged=true \
           -e DISPLAY=${DISPLAY} \
           -v /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix \
           -v ${HOME}/.IdeaIC2016.1_docker:/home/developer/.IdeaIC2016.1 \
           -v ${GOPATH}:/home/developer/go \
           dlsniper/docker-intellij
```

The command will do the following:

- save the IDE preferences into `<your-HOME-dir>/.IdeaIC2016.1_docker`
- mounts the GOPATH from your computer to the one in the container. This
assumes you have a single directory. If you have multiple directories in your
GOPATH, then see below how you can customize this to run correctly.

## Customizing the container

You can replace the `${GOPATH}` environment variable to a hardcoded path that
you have in your directory.

You can also choose to save the preferences in another directory.

For an example script to launch this, see below:

```bash
#!/usr/bin/env bash

GOPATH=/path/to/your/GOPATH
PREF_DIR=${HOME}/.IdeaIC2016.1_docker

docker run -tdi \
           --net="host" \
           --privileged=true \
           -e DISPLAY=${DISPLAY} \
           -v /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix \
           -v ${PREF_DIR}:/home/developer/.IdeaIC2016.1 \
           -v ${GOPATH}:/home/developer/go \
           dlsniper/docker-intellij
```

## Updating the container

To update the container, simply run:

```shell
docker pull dlsniper/docker-intellij
```

Each of the plugins can be updated individually at any time, and other plugins
can be installed as well.

However, to update IntelliJ IDEA itself, the docker image will need to be
updated.

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Florin Patan

If you want to read the full license text, please see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/dlsniper/docker-intellij/blob/master/LICENSE) file
in this directory.

IntelliJ IDEA and all the other plugins are or may be trademarks of their
respective owners / creators. Please read the individual licenses for them.

Commit message:

updated to use java 8 and the cursive plugin instead of go

README.md, after:

# This was forked from dlsniper/docker-intellij

## Cursive IDE

I'm really finding the contained, isolated Docker IDE configuration to be appealing and am going to repurpose this for
Clojure development.

I was initially using docker to host my project and REPL but I want to jump to using as much as possible within the
container.

--------------------------------

# Docker image for IntelliJ IDEA Community, Go and Go plugin

[![Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/dlsniper/docker-intellij.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/dlsniper/docker-intellij)

The image contains the following software:

- [IntelliJ IDEA Community 2016.2](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/)
- [Go 1.6.3](https://golang.org/)
- [Go plugin (nightly, 0.12.1724)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/5047)
- [Markdown plugin (release, 2016.1.20160405)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/7793)

## Running

**NOTE**
As of Docker 1.10(?) you need to specify full paths for mounts.

By running the following command you'll be able to start the container

```bash
docker run -tdi \
           --net="host" \
           --privileged=true \
           -e DISPLAY=${DISPLAY} \
           -v /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix \
           -v ${HOME}/.IdeaIC2016.1_docker:/home/developer/.IdeaIC2016.1 \
           -v ${GOPATH}:/home/developer/go \
           dlsniper/docker-intellij
```

The command will do the following:

- save the IDE preferences into `<your-HOME-dir>/.IdeaIC2016.1_docker`
- mounts the GOPATH from your computer to the one in the container. This
assumes you have a single directory. If you have multiple directories in your
GOPATH, then see below how you can customize this to run correctly.

## Customizing the container

You can replace the `${GOPATH}` environment variable to a hardcoded path that
you have in your directory.

You can also choose to save the preferences in another directory.

For an example script to launch this, see below:

```bash
#!/usr/bin/env bash

GOPATH=/path/to/your/GOPATH
PREF_DIR=${HOME}/.IdeaIC2016.1_docker

docker run -tdi \
           --net="host" \
           --privileged=true \
           -e DISPLAY=${DISPLAY} \
           -v /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix \
           -v ${PREF_DIR}:/home/developer/.IdeaIC2016.1 \
           -v ${GOPATH}:/home/developer/go \
           dlsniper/docker-intellij
```

## Updating the container

To update the container, simply run:

```shell
docker pull dlsniper/docker-intellij
```

Each of the plugins can be updated individually at any time, and other plugins
can be installed as well.

However, to update IntelliJ IDEA itself, the docker image will need to be
updated.

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Florin Patan

If you want to read the full license text, please see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/dlsniper/docker-intellij/blob/master/LICENSE) file
in this directory.

IntelliJ IDEA and all the other plugins are or may be trademarks of their
respective owners / creators. Please read the individual licenses for them.
